we're not jerks we don't curse
salutations grime nation it is I your
most magnanimous host Ron and I am here
with rhymes great time I review holiday
spur gift guy yeah that's right that
most professional grind is here to tell
you what to beg your parents to buy this
holiday season jux jocks juggs Pacific
Pacific boy boy boy all your toys at
target that's right crime nation here we
have the 31 inch compositor from jakks
pacific part of the Star Wars levels toy
line observe his facial features sure
she for she if savers will now unlike
some other on puts more YouTube 31 inch
figure reviewers I will not be engaging
this figure in wrestling on a trampoline
that can obviously not support my
enormous weight here is the incredibly
useful information on the back of the
box jakks pacific collect them all look
at all the incredibly accurate detail
and the seven points of articulation now
if you ask me that is perhaps too many
points our circulation because you know
that here at grimes toys show we think
articulation is over rated a haiku
written by yours truly grime jakks
pacific is run by such professionals
would you please subscribe thank you and
now let us free our friend from his
cardboard prison and see how awesome he
really is yeah
now after the unfortunate departure of
our last co-hosts here on Grimes toy
show mr. Juan Cena I think the
Inquisitor here makes a fine replacement
however I believe that there is
something a little bit missing about his
attire that's much better now he is a
full-fledged member of Grimes toy show
although i should say having to call him
the Inquisitor sings quite impersonal so
I think I shall give him the nickname of
Bob you like that Bob really looked up
now so you might say that Bob here is an
antagonist but i think he is merely
misunderstood much like yours truly
grime from grimes toy show now there are
some waste e-waste out there in YouTube
land who insists that these giant 31
inch plastic figures are for fighting
and I think that is incredibly wrong and
a misuse of all the hard work put in by
the fine folks at jakks pacific I can
see that you're on YouTube I can see
that you can see that I'm making a video
on YouTube targets you should be going
to the jakks pacific youtube web page
and subscribing and seeing all of their
awesome video content tell them grime
sencha so you may ask well what should I
do with this 31 inch plastic Inquisitor
that I affectionately refer to as Bob
well let me give you some examples I
think every young man and woman out
there could benefit from practicing some
ballroom dancing and everyone enjoyed a
good positive affirmation with high five
some of you out there in YouTube land
are wondering why would Jack specific
send me grime this amazing 31 inch
Inquisitor that you can buy at target
for a suggested retail price of 34 99 I
will tell you why it is because Jeff
Pacific respects professionalism they
would never send this thing to a certain
unprofessional youtuber named Grimm who
would be certain to befoul it with his
trampoline
Hannigan's ah and his profane language
this toy is part of the Star Wars rebels
line and if you have not seen it Star
Wars rebels falls in between the prequel
trilogy and the original trilogy now if
you ask me the prequel trilogy are some
of the greatest movies of all time the
best thing about Bob nobody expects him
observe the finely crafted detail in
these MC Hammer pants
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
car so in addition this Inquisitor
contains lightsaber blades that you can
have one blade or you can double double
double double the blade unlike the show
it does not spin but that is okay
because here at Grimes toy show we think
any additional features are unnecessary
this is as awesome as it gets yeah and
if I have any complaints about this toy
it is that where is my 31 inch Jar Jar
Binks that would be the most supreme 31
inch toy of all time in conclusion I
think the Inquisitor makes a fine
addition to anyone's collection in their
homes
so be sure to tell your friends and
family go to target this holiday season
and pick up Bob the Inquisitor it comes
with the Grimes Toy Show highest
recommendation and that is over it has
been nailed trucks trucks trucks Chuck
Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck
Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck sides a
ganar but the night and don't forget to
subscribe like share tweet tout retweet
reddit Facebook Foursquare Instagram
telegram sonogram and carrier pigeon the
undisputed action bigger champion of the
known universe it has